# Team Props
> In Center Stage a team has an option to replace a pixel with a team prop. Our team usually makes team props, because when autonomous is up in running it is better to get 20 points than 10 points, and most of the time detecting the team prop is usually easier than detecting the default object because teams have more freedom with the team prop.

### Tensor Flow issues
At first our team wanted to go for the most common way of detecting a team prop, using tensor flow. After training the model the java program on the control hub could detect the team prop fairly well, however there were a few malfunctions with this method. For one the robot thought that the top of the windows screen was a team prop. I don't think that issue is with how I trained the prop or with what material was used, the default pixel model has the same issues. When I set the robot on the field and tested it there it made accurate findings - most of the time. Some times the robot would say that the entire field was a team prop, something was definitly wrong there, but I did all the training like I should have, what did I do wrong? Sense this happens with the pixel .tflite model as well, and the defult code that detects the object does not work as accurate as teams may want it to. I believe that the main problem is just what I was using; tensor flow. Tensor flow using AI, this method can be accurate, however it can be difficult to get it to work properly. In conclusion, it is always better to have a simpler technique than a more complicated one. Although using tensor flow is a more impressive method, there a quicker, simpler, and more efficient was to do this, so that is what I will go for. 

### Using Distance Instead
Sense tensor flow want not working for me, I decided to move on to a more effective solution; a color sensor. At first I considered detecting red or blue color, but then I remembered that the v3 color sensor from rev has a build in distance sensor that I can use to measure the distance that an object is from the robot. This is going to be more easier to program and all in all a better solution to detecting the team prop in autonomous.  